[term entry]- d3 domain (#3895)
Codecademy/docs: content/d3/concepts/scaling/terms/domain/domain.md

---
Title: '.domain()'
Description: 'denotes minimum and maximum values of the input data'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'D3'
  - 'functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-d3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.domain()`** method is associated with scale functions in `D3.js`. This method is used to specify the input domain of a scale, which defines the range of values that the scale should map from. In other words, it sets the minimum and maximum values that the scale will accept as input.

## Syntax

```pseudo
d3.scaleLinear().domain([minValue, maxValue]).range([minOutput, maxOutput]);

```

- `scaleLinear`: Construct a continuous linear scale where input data (domain) maps to specified output range.
- `range`: Output range that are mapped from input values.

## Example

> In the example given below the `scale` can map values within the specified domain to corresponding values within the range. The `scale` is set to have a domain from `0` to `100` and range from `0` to `500`. When a value is passed within a given domain to the scale, it will map to corresponding values within specified range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example given below the `scale` will map values within the specified domain to the corresponding range given. The `scale` is set to have a domain from `0` to `100` and range from `0` to `500`. When a value is passed within a given domain to the scale, it will map them accordingly.
```

```js

> const scale = d3.scaleLinear().domain([0, 100]).range([0, 500]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const scale = d3.scaleLinear()
  .domain([0, 100])
  .range([0, 500]);
```

Reviewer: D3 uses an indented, chained formatting convention that we'll also use in all d3 docs entries
